docs: move from readme to doc site (#1261)
rancher-sandbox/sbombastic: README.md

A SBOM-centric security scanner for Kubernetes.

## Documentation

The full and exhaustive documentation is available on the [SBOMscanner documentation website](https://docs.kubewarden.io/sbom-scanner/latest/).

### Quickstart

Please refer to our [quickstart](https://docs.kubewarden.io/sbom-scanner/latest/en/installation/quickstart.html) for more details.

## Development

> For information about contributing to the project, please refer to the [[Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about contributing to the project, please refer to the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

> For architecture and design proposals, please refer to the [[RFCs](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc)](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For architecture and design proposals, please refer to the [RFCs](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc)
```

> This is still being developed. For additional details, please refer to the [RFC](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc).

Reviewer: as agreed please remove this

## Documentation

> The full and exhaustive documentation is available at docs.kubewarden.io.

Reviewer: We definitely need a link here. 

```suggestion
The full and exhaustive documentation is available on the [SBOMscanner documentation website](https://docs.kubewarden.io/sbom-scanner/latest/).
```

### Quickstart

> Please refer to our [quickstart](docs.kubewarden.io/sbom-scanner/latest/en/installation/quickstart.html) for more details.

Reviewer: @alegrey91 copilot is right

> Please refer to our [quickstart](docs.kubewarden.io/sbom-scanner/latest/en/installation/quickstart.html) for more details.

Author: ok

## Development

> - [Contributing guidelines](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: bullet points do not make sense here anymore. also added link to the RFCs

```suggestion
For information about contributing to the project, please refer to the [[Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

For architecture and design proposals, please refer to the [[RFCs](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc)](https://github.com/kubewarden/sbomscanner/tree/main/docs/rfc).
```
